1. We can use loops to save us time, so that the same code/programme does not have to be written multiple times.
Basically, we can use it to do repetitive work for a set amount of times or until it mets a certain condition.
For instance, we can use it to look through each item in an array of fruits and display it on the console to see what fruits are in the array.
A basic for loop can be written as follows, " for (let i = 0; i < 10; i++) {} "

2. One big difference between "console.log" and "return" is that, whatever is console.logged will appear in the console, while whatever that is only returned will not appear in the console.
Secondly, console.logging any data and declaring it into a variable "undefined" appears in the console if the variable is console.logged, while returning any data and declaring it into a variable will show the data in the console if the variable is console.logged.
To put it simply, "console.log" does not store/save data while "return" will store/save the data.

3. Truthy values are values that will return true when the values are passed into the "Boolean()" built-in JavaScript function.
Falsy values are values that will return false when the values are passed into the "Boolean()" built-in JavaScript function.
"false", "0", "-0", "" <-- (empty string), "null", "undefined", "NaN" <-- (Not a number) are all falsy values, any other values are considered truthy.

4. Computers are connected through wires and cables or wirelessly through "Wi-Fi" also known as "Wireless Fidelity".
Data from each computer are shared through wires and cables as pulses of light or electricity called "bits".
Data from each computer are also shared using Wi-Fi by transmitting radio waves to the router.
For example, as the user, we make a request and the request is converted into binary code, the language our computer uses.
After that, the binary code is translated into wave frequencies and recieved by our Wi-Fi router.
Finally, the same process happens but the Wi-Fi router is returning the data in the form of radio waves and are translated by our computer into our request.

5. A very basic website usually consists of a Hypertext Markup Language (HTML) file, Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) file and a JavaScript file.
These 3 types of file are linked to make a website, the HTML file is the structure of the page, while the CSS file is like the "makeup" of the page while the JavaScript file is the brain of the page.
